Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes.
However , for some rare diseases, people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease.
When we are diagnosed out with certain genetic  diseases  are we  supposed to disclose this result to our relatives?
On the one hand, we do not want this potential danger causing  firghtenning affects in our families'later lives.
When people around us know that we have certain  diseases  their altitudes will be easily changed, whether caring us too much or keeping away from us.
Surrounded by such concerns, it is very likely that we are distracted by worrying about these problems.
It is a concern that will be with us throughout our whole life, because we will never know when the ''potential bomb''will explode
On the other hand, if there are ways that could help us to control or cure  disease, we can  go through  this process from the scope of the whole family.
For an example, if exercising is helpful for family 's potential  problems  we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise.
And we keep track of all family members ' health conditions.
At the same time, we are prepared to know when other members  have got this disease.
Here I want to share Forest'sview on this issue.
Nothing is absolute right or wrong
If a disease  's genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others, it is OK to disclose the result.
Above all, life is more important than a secret.
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle
Afterall, what affects one family may or may not affect another , although the families  share a common genetic make  - up, shared by either of the parents.
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder, disclosing or otherwise, to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the individual's moral system.
The issue of right to know or not to know is highly debatable  , although it is a genetic risk, one can not be  entirely sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles, aunts or cousin.
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile, he or she concurrently has  knowledge  of others.
This knowledge couldbe beneficial to them, and vice versa.
Do those who  have suffered from this disease keep it a secret of  from their relatives?
In retrospect, it is also  their duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic  healthchecks on their own.
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example, the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed'to tell.
For example, within a family, regardless of who had first received genetic information, parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring, either adult at risk
In addition, a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself, although this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they do not want to know.
Hence, there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so
The notion of authority also extended'vertically'
From a practitioner's perspective , these findings are important because if  the constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct  , they may not be in line with geneticists'views of family relationships, or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom   ; this |. Thi
Ultimately, one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure.
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive'the risk is to them
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes.
In this case, if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk, it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her  family members are able to perform some daily  activities to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the   corr
In my opinion, although the announcement of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self  - privacy, it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease.
Focus on the negative side of the announcement of genetic risk first.
Large numbers of patients with genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may  indicate their high chance  of carrying a certain disease.
Especially for young people without  parents  if he/she is known to have some genetic risk, it may have  a certain chance that his/her child  will carry the same disease, but not in  certain
Therefore, keeping the information as secret to his/her future  partner would help the relationship.
Secondly, announcement the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue  .Although the factor would not be that serious, people would still fear that they  will have some potential disease in the future  , thus  going to hospital and  doing additional  checks or   take 
Furthermore, the announcement of genetic risk  will affect the relationship with  relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the  carrier so that they have less chance  of getting the potential disease.
On the other hand, if the genetic risk is kept as a secret, it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep  privacy, but it has much larger negative impacts  on the family members and relatives.
First, in the case of  mammals  people should be honest and tell  their parents they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings.
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found.
Secondly, genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits
In this case, the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake of many sugars, and at the same time, if the carrier  tells this information to the relatives, it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future  because of related genes and they can perform the same exercise
Otherwise, if the other parties did not know, they may end up having a diabetes in the future without any prevention.
In conclusion, we could assess the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers  ' relatives  , and the costs.
Therefore, it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives, in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercise
Genetic disorders may or may not be  inherited hereditary  diseases and it is sometimes hard to find out  whether one has these kinds of diseases.
It is a long time discussion about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by  a gene.
We can't make a law to push a person with a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem.
Firstly, someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy
If a law requires someone to tell others'his or her privacy , especially when the one is not willing to do so.
It is against or her human rights and it is against the law's spirit.
The law's spirit also includes fairness.
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders.
It is unfair to release a law that only  points to the genetic disorder.
However, there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her  relatives the cause of his or her diseases.
For example, does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother's sister's son's daughter's nephew
If you say only need to tell direct relatives, it will be against the fairness of the law.
Other relatives may have the same chance of having a kind of disease.
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease?
However, from the ethical point of view
To the self- of herself, he  and she should have a feeling of  responsibility to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder.
It is because a carrier with a bad gene may not  necessarily have those genetic  diseases  if they can have  a healthy lifestyle before  age  , that the gene's function  becomes stronger.
A typical example is genetic - caused hypertension.
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the person harder to digest the fat and salt in  the blood  , which can cause hypertension.
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become  adults
However, if they already know they have a gene that may make them have a higher  chance of getting hypertrophy
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension
In a nutshell, our society can't push a genetic problem  to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives  , but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem.
Genetic testing is made possible and available to one's decision to undergo  it
It is able to detect illnesses or diseases and even a child's parentage.
However, it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives, there might have chances for them to have it in their blood, which they may do necessary precautions to prevent
But, if it is a terminal disease like a genetic disease, most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having  knowledge about it.
Therefore, some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it a secret.
This essay will discuss whether a  person with a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not.
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as personal information which should be kept confidential.
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her conditions
If one has a genetic disease after the test, he or she might not wish to inform his relatives as he might  end up disheartening his extended family.
Furthermore, some will wish not to become a burden on anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly.
Hence, some have seen it as being considerate  of keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease  confidential.
On the other hand, others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency  toget the same genetic risk.
Hence, they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease
Nevertheless, it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases are given in the context of current medical technology.
For example, breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage
Hence, with the knowledge of having genetic risk, the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up, which might save them in realising it at an earlier stage.
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention, such as financial issues  everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family's  medical conditions.
However, some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life
In addition, some may think that even knowing about having the genetic risk of  disease, it will just  add to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it.
All-in-all, it depends on the individual and also the nature of the disease, but he or she should be obligated to inform  relatives if there are possibilities  for curing or preventing it.
Genetic testing is a personal decision, with the  knowledge that there is a  possibility that one could be a carrier or not.
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing, even though , if there is no risk at all.
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected
You should not be forced or  obliged to do so, as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk 
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child, then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patient's parents or legal guardian.
Furthermore the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family
Thus, much thought needs to  begiven to the immediate family as it could  cause a  stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members  '
Some family may feel hurt, with regards to their family pride or reputation, on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family
However, there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives , since it is a genetic disorder.
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic diseases is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention  of the genetic disorder.
Also, this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarlyundergogenetictestingtofindoutabouttheoutcome
Thus, having the knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial  to their  emotional thoughts.
And if the results turn out to be otherwise, then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and  assist them in making upcoming decisions.
In addition, the genetic risk carriers would be  shower with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it  had been made known to them.
Having support from relatives is vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family.
Therefore, the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent on the situation and  background of the affected family, with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision  informing others.
A person with a disorder, regardless of mental or physical disorder, is always easy to be  aware by his or her family.
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation, but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms
As a result, in the case when one of the members  feels uncomfortable or unnormal, he or she should  know whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not.
Afterward, the carrier will face a serious ethical issue, which is to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not
If the disorder 's symptoms  reflect on a kid, the parent will be informed by the  doctors for sure, then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies'condition.
On the contrary, if the  passenger is an adult, who has his own choice  of whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk, that will be more complex.
Think about the other way  : if a child  in the family knows that he has the risk  of becoming a genetic risk carrier, and the risk might as well  pass to his child in the future, his whole life will be in a  depression
And of course, he or she will think of not having any child after getting married, and the same thought goes for the cousins as well.
In China, the older generation with a traditional culture background, will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren, to make the family  liven up and stronger.
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encouraged the people to give more birth.
During that period, if one of the family members reflects genetic disorder symptoms, he will  fall into an ethical  dilemma for sure.
The medical treatment technology during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk
And so, he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family.
In conclusion  people should think carefully of what  are the consequences of telling  relatives  their general disorder 
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives, but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family.
Regardlessly, if the disorder israrelytobe fatal, or it does not  cause any inconvenience to the carrier, revealing the truth is always the right thing to do.
One of the reasons why is because , as a carrier, she or he needs  mental support to go through with this situation.
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own
By telling his or her family other than being a support, they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now.
Furthermore, as it is a genetic problem, it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family members might experience the same thing.
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem, they could have a full check-up for themselves and it would be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves.
I find that it is important to inform , especially if it is contagious  .The carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to  society.
For every action there are always pros and cons.
Furthermore, as it could incur spending lots of money  on treatment, the  caregiver might not want to be  a burden  on her family.
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily
However, we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the  person decides to tell his or her family  about his or her condition.
The person should be honest with his or her  feelings and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on  in his or her life.
If anything wrong happened to the carrier's life, without informing the family members it could cause a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it.
In the end, I believe that support in terms of mental or even  financial from your family could help the  person to fight against  genetic disease.
Trueenough that there are lots of cancer  patients who were given  a second choice to live as a normal person as they have  strong mental support from their loved one.
In my opinion, as long as we keep our minds healthy and strong, we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak.
As technology has been advancing, it has reached a stage whereby  advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the  actual use of  technology
If used for a good purpose, it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness .However  it could also make  the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is, in the family.
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe that he or she has  a right not to know.
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it, he could do that, and it has been something that is 'normal'to everyone in the past as genetic testing was not possible.
I personally think this is the right purpose of going through  genetic testing, so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer.
However, I believe that the carrier has  a right not to  obligate to tell anyone but has  a responsibility to take  action to prevent any ethical  dilemmas
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth
I believe that even the carrier has the right not to know the true fact.
After realizing the he or she is the bearer  the emotional damage would be hard to bear.
It could possibly cause a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness  in the family.
Overall, I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face  them with relatives  , but he has no obligation to tell  them
In fact, I strongly think that the person should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking  genetic testing and  take an appropriate action  basedon the results.
The emotional depression that the person might get and the sense of  guilt can be more than expected and could be a burden  for the rest of  life.
On the other hand, without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact, the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is, without having  any emotional stress.
Debates have been around for years that should a carrier  of a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives.
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing, but whether the results should be informed to others, especially close family or relatives, is the topic that worth discussing
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as  a family-related ethical dilemma is involved.
In this essay, few arguments will be pointed out in the support of the view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives.
We were crying hard , but we are not alone, it's our family and relatives that grow us up.
Hence, they should be the people we be grateful  to and the people we would like to share the joy together.
However, in the case relating to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder, it may  seem no point of sharing  , but this involves more than just sharing  bad news.
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone, but it's also one's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives
As the case of a health issue is related to genetic risk, with  a keyword on " genetic "  , which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation.
Therefore, I would agree that it's  obligatory for a  person of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be  raised in the future.
Although one may argue that it's still up to the individual to disclose such  a health issue or to bear it within him/herself, it's certainly helpful to share with close relatives, for a proper discussion  of solutions.
By doing so, one will feel less stressful in facing such a disorder  - risk.
By informing them, the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such a disorder  - risk.
On top of that, as the genetic risk may pass down to the next generation,  it will involve more than just one family.
It is therefore that I would agree  with the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth.
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas
There are more intangible advantages that could support the position of informing  relatives once the results are known after the test  is conducted.
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing at such  a junction  shouldhe/she inform  his/her relatives.
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder
This is common law in  society.
However, it leads to a new problem that " should a person with a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives?
However, there is still a diversity of point of views among people.
Thus, we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not "
Firstly, I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk "
Frequently, the intention of the carriers is not  thatthey want to tell their families  to continue their own life without the  anxiety of families.
It is obvious that therewillbebetterforonepersontobeworried than  many
However, many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself
With the families'support, there must be more energy to fight against the demon.
Demons do not easily  be defeated and  they have required  alot of energy and psychological support.
These are the most essential elements to overcome the challenges.
Besides that, the risk of the known genetic is very serious and it can not be described.
The seriousness could be larger than our imagination.
Lying on the bed for the remaining life, and even dying immediately, these are the consequences which we can not imagine.
Families are our dearest in our life
Without their concern and support, we are hard to stay until this time.
They play an important role in our life which can not be substituted.
Therefore, it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences.
Generally, the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier's families without the agreement of the carrier.
It is the duty of staff in hospitals to keep the secret of any patients.
We can not blame them for they are liable  for undesired consequences.
However, a hospital can provide a  consultant to advise the carrier about the action  that can be taken.
Therefore, this kind of event will not  happened again and again.
It is a method that benefits two parties , which is a win-win situation.
Thus, advice from a hospital plays  an important role  in this.
Acarrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society.
It is a hard decision to make , but  in the most appropriate way, it will create great circumstances for the  carriers and families in the future.
Withtheriskofbeinggeneticallydisorder  many individuals have  made the decision to undergo genetic testing.
Withthenaturethattheresultswillbeknownoncethetestsaredone  each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier  faces an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier.
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed
In the view of my point, a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives, with the support of the following reasons
First of all, from the angle of human right, a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others know about it
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or stigmatized by others  , which is not positive factors brought to their life.
Only  the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing  , regardless of the  diagnosis of the carrier.
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers, they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a problem  they may just ignore the possibility.
However, if a DNA carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives, the relatives will be forced to know  about their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers.
This obeys their own willingness as  they have to accept the truth which may make their  life miserable.
Many people many argue that setting the obligation may help more people, who are the relatives of the carriers, save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis
However, this is not exactly true when other factors , including psychological influence, social influence, are taken into consideration.
If one such relative is told that he or she may have a higher risk of getting sick, he or she may have  become scared about the unknown life, partners, spouse and colleagues may choose to leave, and many other situations may happen which means the relative's life may be ruined.
On the other hand  as stated above, a person who  wants to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually.
This should be accepted from the point of human right, freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons
Otherwise, making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion  for their relatives.
For a  sufferer of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier, it causes more  dilemmas rather than  the disorder.
There are four reasons why people don't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorders
Firstly, the carrier and his or her family can take precautions, physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and, mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented from happening if the mother  takes proper medication and  does 't consume harmful  things during the pregnancy period.
More people ( relatives ) know her problem .More information  is provided.
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome , then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children's growth.
Secondly, genetic diseases cost alot for  treatment and medication.
Albinism is one of the examples
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment
Unlike people with high levels of skin pigment, people with albinism  are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases.
If they don't treat their body well, such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in the outdoors  the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer.
To prevent the bigger problem from happening  it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body.
If the carrier doesn't tell his or her relatives, it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially
One of the diseases is sickle cell disease
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to a circulatory problem such as blood blocking.
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives , then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and don't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children's health.
Fourthly, it is important for parents to give  a mental boost  to their children with genetic  disorders
People and friends often mock your conditions.
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones
If not their family , then who else  is willing to do that?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepared their  minds first by disclosing the information  about the probability that their children may suffer from  a genetic disorder.
In this modern world, technologies  have improved a lot compared with the last century.
Particularly, in the medical field, there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases, and genetic testing is one of the methods which is used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder.
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this
As many people realize, a genetic disorder can be related to the relatives  .That is, one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder  , which means that other family members also have almost the  same risk  of having it, so this problem should
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder, how can this explain their right
For instance, John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling, James , about this.
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent, he should know what will be likely to be going on for him
In addition, doctors usually quote a statement, " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder happening has far more advantages than curing it.
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person, and therefore, this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible
People who are aware of having such  a disorder can prevent the disorder  from happening by adapting a healthy lifestyle, including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day.
This is their human right to know about that, and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder from happening
Together with the advancement of technology over the past  few decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly  upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However, once a test has been conducted and the results are known,
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and , unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have
However,there are still people against the decision to disclose private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom  will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact  on families members ( DementiaToday,2012
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of their self- and family members.
Nowadays, the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement.
Not long ago, the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) started.
In comparison, in the field of genetic testing , which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder, as  technology has been very mature already, an even more popular topic arises.
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not, they have different views on whether it is the patient's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives.
In my opinion, the patients, which are carriers of some known genetic risk , are supposed to share the truth with their family members.
Admittedly, it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people
To the whole society, it is a duty
Take H1N1 as an example, all the people in Singapore , including students at school, travelers at the Changi Airport, workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge.
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other with no  doubts
Hence, it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family
Without the support of loved ones, patients'life is no better than death
Family members, as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort, is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder
A study by New York University in 2010  has shown that patients with family members around generally  recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses.
Some people may say that telling the truth may cause some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger  family harmony.
While every family needs to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations, the more  trouble that a family has gone through together, the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust, love and understanding.
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson, what doesn't kill you make you stronger
Being in an Asian society where genetic testing is not a common practice, I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease.
The courage to take genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental  , while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case.
Furthermore, since it is the person's gene that is affected, he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information with
Nevertheless, while I believe that a  parent should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk, I would like to suggest the person  at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual's genetic risk may affect their future children.
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird'
While we do know that we should not discriminate based on their limitations, many people still do it with or without them realizing it.
In this particular case, we are discussing whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a  risk of a particular genetic disease.
It is normal for people to demand fair and similar treatment as  others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk'and assume that the person has suffered from the disease.
To prevent that from happening, I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family , since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently.
Especially when it is just a risk, the option is really his since he is not an actual sufferer
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child , since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born.
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters, therefore , although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone, it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner.
In conclusion, whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk, the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right to it.
He may have different considerations other than due to judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell  to his relatives, and no matter what choice he makes, we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it.
Genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease
This essay will discuss the reasons why relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk.
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work, to build up a family with  others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority.
They may not be able to enjoy  what normal people can enjoy.
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster themselves
The situation may get worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease, which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication 
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life ifthey are not able to work and may suffer  pain in  their entire life.
There is always  a newspaper report that a new born baby has  been abandoned  in a hospital after they realized the baby  had diseases that  needed a huge amount of money to  besecured
For countries like Singapore, they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation.
However, every year the government has to spend a lot to help the poor such as medical  subsidies and  building up special schools to educate them.
Without increasing the number of  people in a nation, the government is able to concentrate  on developing in other ways  , like military and education.
Moreover, in the world we are living today, many miscarriages happen in hospital every day.
Therefore , I believe  parents have their right to know the  health of their child.
Many people may support a theory that  all people have their right to enjoy the world, especially people with religions.
Parents know what the best is for their children, thus they will make a right decision after they have been informed.
Also, human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent  tragedies happening
As far as I am concerned, when a couple are going to have babies, they are going to run a few tests and see whether they have some genetic diseases.
If a person has a disease C  , that might be a result of gene A.
He runs a test and knows that he has the gene AA.
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of  running two separate tests to see whether they are  at high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and  knows that he has the gene Aa.
This means one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved
His relatives can then take measures, if this disease can beprevented  to stop this disease from taking their lives.
Most people care about their relatives .If there is no serious consequence  to telling them so, I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful.
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that  come across when they disclose their genetic results.
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives, he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children.
For example, if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very serious disease.
After he passes the test and  is obliged to tell his relatives, everyone  knows that he is a carrier.
If a gene runs in the family, one of the family members tests positive,  who does he need to tell.
Spouses usually have very close relationships .If person A  tells his family that he has this gene, his uncle C  knows and tells his wife D that he  needs to run a test because his  cousin has this disease.
In less than a week half of the town knows person A has a raised gene, and his family might be a genetically  raised family.
Carriers of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays, people not only seek the comfort of their own life  , but also a better development of their  future generations.
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced, it becomes possible for people to make the decision to take  a genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation.
The debatable question, an ethical dilemma, is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk, then there is a great possibility that your relatives  , like parents or siblings  , are carrying the same genetic risk as well.
If you haven't undergone genetic testing, it's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives.
However, if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier, you are responsible for your whole family
Therefore, telling the families and the relatives to get prepared to fight the disease and even prevent  getting the disease is your responsibility.
Furthermore, you are also being responsible for your future generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk.
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to the baby, it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well.
Being a parent, you are not responsible  toyounextgenerations  since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it.
However, if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives, you offer a chance whether to have  a child or not.
And if you still decide to have a baby, since  technology has been developed so advanced, it might be possible in the future that the application of altering  genes is perfected and widely used, you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future.
And in my opinion, this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place.
As a conclusion, once you have undergone genetic testing and  become aware of carrying some specific genetic risk, there are responsibilities  for your relatives, yourself, and your  future generations by telling your relatives and families the truth.
In a case  we decide to undergo genetic testing and have  seen the result of it.
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carrier
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk, it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well
And it is important for those young people
The earlier we tell them, a better habit they will develop and better for the rest of their lives.
What's more , they may undergo  a genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not  , which is also better for them.
However, some people may argue that why dowe want to interfere with their lives?
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes and tells you that  therearesomepossibilitiesthatyoumayencountersomediseaseinthefuture .What kind of feeling are you going to have?
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything
Personally , I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation.
Since this will really affect their lives, what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health
They will consider whether to give birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby  carrying this genetic risk as well.
I know it will have a huge impact on them, but we should know that they are our loved ones, we need to tell them and help them
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease
Once the test is done, whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused a social  extensive controversy.
This essay will illustrate two  aspects
First of all, it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic, other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease
So , for  consideration  of other family members,  relatives should be informed.
They need to ask for a doctor's advice before they plan to have a baby.
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than  to girls, some are on the contrary.
I noticed a real story ina newspaper years ago.
A couple in China have a son 5 years old.
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosedwith a kind of genetic disease which is very serious.
They were told that the wife's family were carrying the polygenetic disorder and  could pass  on only to boys rather than  to girls.
Therefore , their son  had inherited the genetic disease.
However, the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband
The son died after one year's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that.
If the wife had not told the truth and asked for  a doctor's advice before they  had a baby, the  tragedy would not happen.
On the one hand, it can tell members of the family the possible disease they may have and can  carryout treatment in time if possible.
On the other hand, it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth
Nowadays, with the advancement of technology, it is easy to do genetic testing.
We can not deny that genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face  a disorder  - problem.
However, I thought that genetic information is one person's personal privacy which should be protected by the law.
Therefore, I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives
Firstly, the information concerning the genetic is something personally  , which is also a  privacy like people's bank card key.
Once , people's genetic information is told to other people.
They may know the person's potential disease or other bad things naturally.
They may set a bias on this person , even  abandon her or her.
People do not have the ability to choose their gene, they should not be thought badly because of bad genes
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is compatible with their parents, it should not be told to anyone  , even his or her family or relatives.
Secondly, the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family , even  breaking the relation between children and  an adult.
Once , his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have  a relation with them.
However happy they were before, there would be some barrier  which  would truly destroy the family  , gradually.
The relationship between parents and their children should not be tested only in  a genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter.
The parents give knowledge and love to the children, meanwhile they feel happy with the accompanying of the children.
The children rely on the parent to live.
When they grow up, they take care of the old parents and thank for their dedication.
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family due to the presence of a known genetic risk.
Finally, the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now
There also is some probability of wrong testing.
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor, the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life
Therefore I think a personwith genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives.
Therefore, considering people's privacy and the existence of wrong testing, for the peace of the family, I support  knowing genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person's permission.
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of  medical technology.
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test
However, not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes
Therefore, once people find they have carried the disease genes, they should be responsible for telling their relatives, at least their family members.
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk.
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather, then of course they own the same genes in some part
Therefore there is nothing to be shy of or be afraid of.
If the person tells their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene, his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene.
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from happening
If the relatives carry that disease gene, they can share the experience with him or her and give some help .They will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue.
If he or she does not get married, he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries  the disease gene.
Or else, if he reduces the genetic risk, they may have an unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or  the end of their marriage.
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time .Their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to  findout what was the problem.
Whenhe came back from the hospital, the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene  , so that they  couldnot have a baby in their  lifetime
The woman did not know the test result, but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce , with her husband.
After getting the divorce certificate, the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man.
At that time, the woman knew how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness.
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes, which they are born with.
However, they can avoid the disease genes being passedon to their children.
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene ,they can make their family members bond closely,  and many risks and conflicts can be avoided.
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder
However, there is a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known.
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results, while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist, the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and their emotional preparations
Taking Angeline Jolie for example, she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk
In some cases, a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others'risk somehow
However, I believe it is just a normal reaction to this situation.
In addition, though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life, people can face more dramatic  tragedies such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation.
Life is hard , but people can not blame it on being unfair.
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard time
Furthermore, living with a secret is not a good sensation, especially if the situations of other relatives become worse, you should feel guilty and depressed
Moreover, the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed, more shocking and upset it will be
Astheresult,itisintheinterestsofthecarriersandtheirrelatives,tellingthegenetictestingresultisneeded
Last but not least, though genetic testing is a personal matter, telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy with each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone's health.
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of society and anxiety about the risks.
To put it in the nutshell, I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health
In addition, emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition are also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she  wishes to conduct  similar genetic testing.
I started liking Facebook  years ago  , when I  had just arrived  in Singapore
And now I have over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with  hundreds of seeds every day.
We know each others'status, changes and so on through  social media.
For an example, if we change our contact numbers, we will not send SMS to each individual any longer.
Instead, we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform themof this kind of  changments
It is becoming even more convenient than talking  on the phone  , since it is free.
Social media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on.
And actually lots of rescue jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people  who get lost and so on.
With more convenient and humanian communications, the relationship between government and people  has largely improved.
What's more, various cultures can be shown to us through social  media
From this perspective  social media has  shorten our  distance
However, we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face , since social media is so  convenient  advanced and interesting.
And even when we gather together  , more people find themselves  having less topics to talk  about than before and choose to  dig into their social media again.
When we are far away, social media makes it as if we are infront of each other ; sometimes  , when we are by each others'side, we  seem to be further than far away.
This kind of feeling makes people's relationships not as stable, secure and reliable as before.
Besides, there are more people posting their pictures of yummy food or travelling  experiences
To some extent, this makes our life more luxurious and  boring
For myself, I am  going to some places after I saw those  beautiful pictures taken by my  family
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of excitement
Social media makes our lives happen so fast and  has left us less time to think about our  lives
Interpersonal skills, like any other skills , requires practice.
Besides that, these skills take time to develop and  adapt
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its place ; but amongst all good things, it is better to have them in moderation.
Convenience and efficiency are two very important uses of social media.
While millions of users are connected at any one time, any information can be readily available  for their perusal.
For an example, one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously, over the web and the process takes seconds
The receiverwill then receive the information almost immediately  , depending on the quality of the network.
This convenience can be  perceived as almost in realtime.
Next, communication is also greatly improved.
In the past, vast communication was done by one of the many such  as telegram, snail mail and poor-quality voice calls.
With the introduction of  applications such as Skype and Facetime, any individual can phase off most  of the olden days communication methods.
However, it is a good practice not to actively use social media all the time.
Intimate interaction greatly lacks in social media interactions, particularly  touch.
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor, thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate.
As a result, one does not train the necessary parts of the skills required for  proper interpersonal relations.
It is also completely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill.
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some have it, some do not.
Fundamentally, those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed
For people who are living very far from one another, the intensive use of social media is justified.
For those who live within the community  ,they should at least meet up, and not use social media as the primary source of  communication with each other.
And at the same time, improves interpersonal  skills  through dynamic  relationships between individuals and realtime presence.
Recently, the rise of social media has helped people to have more  close contact with each other  .It is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings.
In my opinion, social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills.
On the other hand, it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts with people.
First, social media networks have a lot user base .It helps to link people from different parts of the world.
These days without  social networks, people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before.
Their number of people that they know may only belimited to the people they meet in daily life  , like classmates and working partners.
Therefore, social networks bring more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they  have never known before, and this helps to develop  interpersonal skills as well.
Secondly, although a social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face, they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in  daily life.
For example, if a social network does not exist,  business people need to meet each other face to face and it is  time  - consuming, even  if with business that is not so important, it still takes a lot time on travel which is a  waste
However, social network helps people to meet and chat much more easily .They can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time.
Nowadays, even some companies conduct online video interviews with their applicants as it saves time and cost.
The social network may also have some negative impacts for  people.
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network, some people start to use and rely on  the internet every minute.
They take too much time using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life.
It not only affects interpersonal skills but  is also bad for people's health if the  people spend  too much time on  social media.
Secondly, social networks may leak certain personal  information to the public, as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe, people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes, some people may use  others' personal information to deceive.
In conclusion, although the unsafe online environment, spending too much time on  the internet may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks.
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and  improves the frequency of meeting with each  other
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating
Overall, there are more benefits than costs.
The world is  increasingly becoming  flat by all kinds of social network  websites such as facebook and twitter.
We can even know what a friend who leaves thousands of miles away  eats for lunch  through these kinds of social media.
From some points of view, social really has a lot of advantages by allowing us  tocommunicate with friends  moreeasily
However, its disadvantages also can not be ignored when you  use it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime.
Social network sites provide us  with many  conveniences
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone, we can findout the of her latest news by  scanning the webpage.
In addition, social network site can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away
Without facebook, we may lose contact.
However, thanks to Facebook  I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we  areliving close to each other.
The research shows that people will unconsciously hide  their real  thoughts when he or she  posts or  posts something that will be exposed to the public.
It means that one can not know another's real thoughts and personalities by reading things that he or she  posts on social network media.
In addition, with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website, one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook
This kind of behaviour is not good for people's psychological health  , according to  research.
Cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who  depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to  real life communication.
In addition, cyber relationships can not always work in real life.
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends, one is more likely to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel  a bond with others by our five senses.
With the willingness of people to become the best among others, social network  sites now become a place to show off.
Some people will post their expensive  things or the  overseas places of interest they have been  to on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so.
It is a mental disorder and it may trigger people  , especially teenagers  , to become  material
Last but not the least, with all kinds of personal information on one's social network page, it is  convenient for  criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime.
Above all, a social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as  putting less personal information on his or her facebook page.
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology, which has made communication to be faster than never before
Today, social media sites, such as Facebook and Twitter, are relatively common within contemporary society ; and, people can communicate with each other, online or offline, on these social networking platforms.
They can even make new friends with similar interests on these platforms, which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world.
However, critics may argue that the existence of social media sites  has reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends.
This essay will discuss both the benefits and down sides of using social media in  contemporary society.
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media
Furthermore, with current technology, smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made  it easier for consumers to use.
Hence, social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them
For example, in 2012, there were false rumors of fires, shootouts, and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls, and this had resulted inthe temporarily closing of schools.
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone, given that social media can disseminate information at a  really fast speed.
Nevertheless, there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around.
But, there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement
Social media are able to improve  relationships and make new friends, provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties.
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location
In the past, people used to write letters to their friends and it  would take  a relatively long time to send  a letter over.
Therefore, with the help of technology, people are able to catch up with each other conveniently.
Furthermore, it will be easier to make new friends who have  similar interests or hobbies.
However, in order for people to maintain their relationships as well as making new friends, it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties.
But, if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media, it will be ideal for people to improve  relationships and make new friends.
In conclusion, social media in contemporary society is able to help one improve  relationships and make new friends, as well as, disseminate information efficiently to the masses.
Nevertheless, the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of
All-in-all, social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in the future.
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices, one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle
Thus, long - distance relationship or friendship can be  maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier.
With the sharing of personal photos, posting of the status of one's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts  ,we allowed human interaction to be  engaged and  expanded with ease.
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via  a social media platform.
With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet, a society that socialises through  cyber will be more  advanced and adapted to the highly connected world.
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platforms to communicate is credibility.
We can not be certain for sure of the  reliability or truth of some posts or information we received through the  Internet
We may in actual fact communicate with a hoax Facebook  account of a cyber friend, which we assume to be real  , but in reality, it is a fake account.
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotions  this differs from the real authentic  emotions of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression.
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans does not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others.
People use Twitter to follow the artists or  celebrities they love and Facebook to see what  is their friends'recent activity.
Nevertheless, they still can use the phone to do normal  calls and  messages to contact.
Not only the phone did the job for them, but also devices like personal  computers   laptops   tablets  and many other devices which are able to connect to  the Internet
It is obvious to see that the internet saves people's time and also  connects people globally.
Several arguments have been made regarding social media  ,which actually  has some inevitable disadvantages  for people.
Generally , people need  their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device.
As a result, they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them, which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact
A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting, because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork
A group of friends have high tea in a  caf without chatting as well, because they do not know what to talk but pressing on their display screen.
The children nowadays do not know what are neighbourhood games and who is  playing beside them  .All they know is pressing icons on the screens.
When people get used to using  social media to contact other people, what will happen is that their interpersonal  communication skills will degrade and  be lost eventually.
Firstly, they have lost the courage to meet strangers, not even the courage to talk
Also, they will not have enough experience to communicate with people face  , and  will not be trained in their conversation skills.
Social media do have some other advantages  , beside their general benefits to human  beings
First of all, people save money by using  the internet to contact other people and  read news.
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in another country via  socia media software instead of making  an international call which costs a lot to  a normal salary family.
He can even talk to his daughter face-to-face using video call via the Internet
Secondly, people make friends all over the world and  are able to update their friends  their recent activity easily.
A guy who is going travelling for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity.
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls, he might be able to get his whereabout using social media
These are the advantages that save work most of the time.
In conclude, society media benefits people in several ways but  at the same time harms people.
People should avoid the misuse of the media and use it in the proper way.
With the aids of social media, people connect globally, information flows rapidly, and human lives happily.
All of us are living in a technology  society.
It started withthe invention of technology  , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades.
In the past, we travelled by ship and now we can use  an airplane to do so.
In the past, it took a few days to receive a message as we had to post our letter and now, we can use e-mail  , which stands for electronic message  , to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages.
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that  the distance between us and our loved one  is getting further apart.
This is because thanksto the ease of technology such as  the airplane, some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life.
Thus, this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the mediums that we need.
The next two paragraphs will be discussing the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society.
Social media sites such as Facebook allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas.
This approach helps parents to communicate with their children and  to know what kind of activities  their children have when they are overseas.
Social media is beneficial as it  connects you and your loved one  , even though you are separated by  distance.
As I mentioned in the beginning, there are also disadvantages of social media tools.
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration  , especially among  youngsters.
This then could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they  are distracted.
In my opinion, every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making  the right decision.
Nowadays, the use of social media platforms is a commonplace in our lives.
In an increasingly globalised world, such platforms even  enhance and  complique the links between  individuals in the world.
However, it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world, resulting in some negative impacts in individuals s daily lives and  , therefore  , becoming a large problem in societies as a whole.
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites, the importance of face-to-face human contacts has  decreased
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot, they feel more comfortable and , thus  , prefer  tocommunicate online.
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in  individuals  especially young students  , as they always have  the option to turn their back  on real-life and go online.
As they are so used to having an online avatar, they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real-life.
Another problem with social media is that the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy  are not  perceived as something positive to the users.
However, such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short- - gone  quickly , thus  it does not add any value or meaning to the user's life.
Also, according to research, it has been proven that  users feel more sad after using  Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people's lives.
But seriously, most people only post the happiest moments in their lives
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay through the links among  people.
However, friendship  in such  a virtual world is so superficial  , which is not so relevant to  real-life.
Also, as numerous profit-driven companies realize the huge human traffic on such social media sites, they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements.
Furthermore , this also possibly  causes privacy issues as  Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information  about the users.
As this happens, users are more and more prone to any possible  fraud
Social media sites are at their peak at the moment  .However  I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better  people in real-life, they will not be  interested in it as much as they are now.
Users  soon, will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with  their friends because, if they really need somebody, they will reach  their friends no matter what.
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media, but do we really get connected or fall apart?
Parents are now the " friends " of their kids, and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and  in real time.
However, as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced face-to-face human contact, that eventually affects our interpersonal skills.
As a student, I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and  in different settings.
We may meet only once , but we exchange our contact numbers as well as  our Facebook accounts in order to keep in touch.
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call, social media like Facebook is a great way for friends from different  fields or even from different parts of the world to be connected.
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still  be connected in a way.
Nevertheless, what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that thereisa time reduction on face-to-face contact.
For example, we tend to send  birthday wishes when Facebook  tells us " Today is someone's birthday ".
Gone were the times, and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes
As time passed, we may have more " friends " on the list, but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined
The users of every social media site need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have
Ultimately, the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings , but social media sites are only the tools to enhance  them
Nowadays, social media sites are commonly used in society.
I believe that 80  percent of people  use social media sites.
It consists of the function of connecting, sharing, interacting and advertising
However, there are also some disadvantages due to the social media which are  concerned in  society.
Therefore, this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life
First, with the function of social media sites that connect people, everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families, or even strangers  , without any time and place constraints.
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries.
However, we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to  countries.
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthening our relationship  , although we stay  in different places around the world.
Besides that, companies also can use the convenience of social media sites, such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with  projectpartners from around the world.
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring journey from one point to another point.
With the huge amount of cost savings, this capital can be utilized in the other sectors , which  benefitscompanymore and  boosts up the company's profit.
However, there are two sides to stories 
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between humans
Sinceancienttimes   humans interact with others face by face.
Without the facial impression, it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning
In addition, " social media sites will affect writing skills " .That is the point of view in society.
Based on the statistics report, the more  writing skills will be reduced when  more time  is used  on social media sites.
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know.
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic devices that we did not realize the importance of writing.
Writing is an essential skill for people who express their own feelings and opinions.
'Privacy ', this is the word that hasbeen popular in these few decades.
Everyone has their own rights and privacy.
However, there is news about  social media sites  leaking users'information to companies with  a cash reimbursement.
Everything we type on the social media sites is recorded  on the server and then  transferred to the companies for spying and advertising.
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want, you are actually wrong
You are not only controlled by government laws but also spied on by the government.
In conclusion, everything has two sides of stories
To utilize technology well, we should  make an effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons.
Thus, new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation.
On theother  it is  obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives.
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other every time and everywhere
Whether we are at home or at school, at work or on a holiday, we are able to communicate and interact with our friends
Even when people are thousands of miles apart, social media makes it possible to have interaction by  keeping writing comments.
When our phones are accidentally done, we can also use social media to get  in contact with our friends.
Some people who are trying to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group  - chatting via social media.
Therefore, the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people  to update friends'status and contact  friends more frequently.
On the other hand  we need to rethink  the influences brought by  social media.
While social media brings convenience to people 's lives  people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting  , which has a time and place requirement.
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people, and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation
Secondly, people's over-addition may avoidably, to some degree, exacerbate social alienation, and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt
Thirdly, a lot of updating of the luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people's daily life more and more  grandiloquent  which is not an accurate social  - growing trend.
Again, there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced.
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media, and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us, this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time
Therefore, everytime when we use social media, we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid  being affected by the disadvantages.
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of social media.
In the sophisticated era , like these days, experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier.
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies havebeen enhanced continuously.
Thetelephone may be perceived as a big innovation created  when the first time Graham Bell introduced it.
However, since the Internet hasbecome known,  the telephone  has started to give way to social media sites.
Many advantages are given to the users
Let us take an example from Facebook and Twitter, two of the most famous social media sites.
Through Facebook, people are able to maintain  relationships with their old acquaintances.
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people's particular and address may change from time to time , while on Facebook, people can keep in contact with old friends just by using  their name and photo, for example, as the identifier.
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service, personal profile, media of sharing, and other entertainment add-on ( i.e
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people, and also to update and express themselves at the same time
Twitter, which has  a more simplified function compared to Facebook,  has more  benefits if used as  an information sharing media.
Twitter only allow users to give updates that are limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast,  so only highlighted messages are delivered.
For Facebook, a comprehensive way of sharing is offered , since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded, long notes can be published, even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays.
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile  apps on our smartphones.
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media, there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize beforehand.
Theresearch shows that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing.
As a consequence, it affects their interpersonal skills.
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say , but in face-to-face communication, every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality.
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media.
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadget, posting pictures on Facebook, updating status on Twitter, or even chatting with friends.
These social media serves a purpose  : to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries  , but it doesn't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the  payoff
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before, that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadgets  not facing human  beings
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives, we build  a " false image " in public.
Because of this, other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all
As a result, people think of themselves lowly and may lead to depression and mental disorder.
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize
It is up to people's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take
So, we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make
Nowadays, the advancement of technologies improves the life of many people a lot
In most of the countries, there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter
Many people think that social media sites have benefits  for communication between people  , while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for  society.
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before.
In the past decades, when the social media sites are not yet fully developed, people communicate with others who live far away by using a phone, or even a letter.
However, calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter requires some cost, and sending a letter to a person who  lives far away, especially in villages, takes  alotof time.
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved
People connecting through social media sites can spend no money on  communication, and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach.
As we graduate from a school, we will probably lose contact with some of our friends
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses, and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them, we would probably not beable to find them.
Hence, social media sites  serve as a platform for  communication
Everything comes with benefits will also have their disadvantages
On the other hand, social media sites also bring some negative impacts on people and  society.
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life, which will in turn cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people.
As we all know, interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas.
The lack of interpersonal skills results in  an inability for people to  effectively present their ideas.
As a result, they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in society.
As a part of this modern society, we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies, and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites
With the advancement of technology in recent years, the need to keep in-touch with people and the latest news has become a tremendous demand.
With an increasing userbase of more than  a billion users from all over the world, social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important part of our life.
However, there are arguments that social media life brings a reduction in face-to-face human contact, which in turn affects interpersonal skills.
All users'needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life
Finding old friends through Facebook, for example, is more easier than asking people around in real life
Thirdly, social media sites keep us up-to-date on the latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world, all with a click away on the refresh button.
Last but not least, social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups, pages or sites to share our hobbies, interests and studies in particular subjects
However, social media sites also have a second side of negative impact on  humans
Undeniable, it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually
We spend majority of our time on sites like Facebook, Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance
In the corporate world, employers often block social media  networks to prevent employees  from spending their office time on their personal leisure  rather than concentrating on their work.
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also brings  a bad impact for us in  the long term.
The more time we spend on these sites, the less time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another
Hence , it lessens  the valuable interaction between  humans and  the time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone.
In addition, there are also some false reports and fake IDs on both social media sites that people use fake  IDs to insult or harass someone, like the case of Heather Chua  , occurred recently on Facebook.
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life, which might lead to an unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim.
In conclusion, everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how we exploit it
With current booming technology, it is acceptable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites  .However  it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays  a more important aspect in our life.
As more and more social websites such as Twitter, Facebook and Weibo , which have become ubiquitous, seamless and imperative in our  lives  people may worry about the young generation having problems  with face-to-face communication skills.
However, I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions
With a small smart phone or a computer at school, at work or at home, we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click'and get to know about their life through having conversations with them, reading their blogs, photos and status
Compared to face-to-face interaction, online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other
Moreover, people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 . 80 % of information posted online is true  , while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life.
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful, such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments, we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments
One of the examples is the 2012 riots that happened in Egypt and Zambia.
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media
However, as the government controls most of the media
These social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public
For example, in the 2012 general election  in Singapore, Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of  Facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public.
Though because of this, social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands
In conclusion, the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lives
Social media sites'role in connecting people around the world is undeniable
Thanks to  social media,  communication  between people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease.
Apart from the ease of communication despite the distance, many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well.
Nevertheless, with those advantages, some disadvantages may appear , such as  a reduction in face-to-face human contact  , which affects interpersonal skills,  a privacy issue, as well as some  fraud that can be done through social media.
Through those sites we are able to talk to them, to know what their activities are and who their friends are, etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite the distance.
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well .That is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media  accounts .For example  , Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news.
That shows how news and information can be shared easily through social media.
Furthermore, since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media, this information can reach them easily without them needing to watch or listen to the news reports
Due to the popularity of social media, many people start to do their business via these sites
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook .Whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online, we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites, which can be considered as an advantage for us, the buyers.
I do think there is a difference in it and I believe many of us will agree.
When we write or communicate virtually, we can hide our through feelings and many do not become ourselves  , since we do not want the other party to judge us.
Other than that, sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one , since the communication is done through written language, and thus the 'tone'of the message sent and when it is received may be different.
This will lead to bad inter-personal  skills as well as a problem of trusts.
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even'real'
In addition, privacy issues have become more popular nowadays  , since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share  in the first place.
Therefore, while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our lives  we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible.
It is a common sight that almost everyone  on public transport is  talking at  the phone or wearing a  pairearpiece in this modern society today.
Not only one, but many developed and developing countries have the same picture.
Some say that it is a necessary step for the human revolution.
It also brings many negative effects , such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which  are important in their working place.
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life.
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach eachother easily, even without contact for a long time.
In this fast - pace and competitive world, people may not be able to keep in touch with others.
With the help of social media site, people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scenes to it and they can be updated  with the new information of their friends.
Personally , I am  studying in  overseas .Abusy study life keeps me away from  contact my old friend.
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what theirstatusesare nowadays.
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them
In Singapore, many Malaysians cross the sea to work here.
Many of them are busy at work and  separated with their children.
One of the managers in my working place  isin the same situation.
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship
People get connected or closer with the same preferences.
It is easier for people to approach eachother after  getting the information.
Students can exchange their experiences in study even  if they are in different countries.
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online, therefore others can spread the joy with them
Thus , I believe that social media sites are  a useful tool to help people  gettoknow each other better.
However, social media site is a double-sided sword, it also has some negative  effects on our daily life.
One of the disadvantages that many people  worryabout is that people lose the interest  in face-to-face communication.
Many people like to use language to pretend to themselves, and  have lost confidence when they talk to each other.
Although not everyone is good at public relations , even without the existence of  social media sites, we can not deny that it  does affect some people in their ability  interpersonal skills.
In conclusion, the shadow always exists when there is light
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects
Social media sites might be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people  closer in this globalised world.
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online
Social media has reshaped the way of communication
We share ideas, stories and forge friendship based on mutual respect
When we use Facebook and post pictures and  status
We are actively " presenting " the ades of our  lives in front of others.
We tend to post pictures with the best looks, status that are funny.
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered
There is an element of seeking for attention rather than expressing one's true opinion on social networks.
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and seeing one of them  , which they might think  funny.
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal relationships
In real life, establishing friendship requires an all-rounded understanding  of one another and  caring for one another.
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present.
If I am interested in politics, I can just follow some politics newspapers or public figures
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he/she  posts them often, I can simply block him/her off.
Information got circulated
The most popular information gets circulated  most so I can seldom miss it.
With the help of social media, I become real life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interests with.
I also discover some of my friends interests which I find common with myself  , so that talking to one another is much more about life, study, friends, etc.
The communication does not focus on how we feel, or to say, how each  other  but whatever is interesting, or the content.
In this case, interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody, but to get the information that we are both interested in
There are advantages and disadvantages to itself  .However  whether it is good or bad  , we are still not sure.
People that live in the modern world really can not live without  social media sites like Twitter and Facebook.
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account.
It is true that social media makes people able to connect  with one another more conveniently.
However, it seems that, especially for some people  sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites  becomes really necessary.
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with people wholived far away from them in the past.
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages
Nowadays, what people need to do is just type in front of the computer in their own rooms.
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message
Distance and time are no longer the problems, which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed
Social media provides people with way of talking and chatting  , which can never be considered as a way of communication.
When people chat on those media sites, there is no eye connection, no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations.
While, once they are communicating with people in their face, expressing themselves appropriately becomes really a big problem.
Social media also provides people huge information about people and things that they  have interests.
It makes people feel extreme close to their admirers'lives and works
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time
However, after one has registered on those social media sites which are not reliable, all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future.
But there is the possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you.
No pledge of authenticity risks people's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites
To sum up, social media has advantages and disadvantages in people's daily life
As the development of technology, social media  playsa more and more significant role in the whole world.
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends , know their lives better.
However, it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster.
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are, it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face , which may affect our interpersonal skills.
Thus, whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being
Many people say they will support  social media  , since it really helps them to have a closer view  of how their friends are going in other parts of the world.
This is especially for people who are overseas.
To them, social media is the only resource they can use to know everything  that happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well.
What's more, these days , social media plays an important role in spreading  information.
Nowadays, people can just easily put their rental information on their  Facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world  , which brings us a huge amount of convenience.
It is quite significant , especially for those young teenagers  , since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day.
However, there are also a great number of people who  are against this technology.
They worry a lot about the bad effect on the teenagers who are still developing themselves
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face
The more we care about facebook, the less time we will have to spend with our friends
Nowadays, it is quite common to see at some  parties that people would  prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on  Facebook if they feel bored.
It makes people worry , since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently, they will decrease the ability to talk to people.
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any ways to communicate with other people.
Personally, I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life, it wastes us a lot of time as well
Think in another way, if we put the time we spend on wandering on those sites, we may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things.
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact our family or friends.
Everything will be bad if we don't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really good or not
You can see people playing Facebook, Twitter through their smart phones or iPads on buses or on trains.
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face.
Years ago , when these modern products  had not been popular, the way for people to communicate or contact people  faraway was still restricted  to making phone calls, sending emails or writing letters.
Some will take a long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response.
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast
People can also get to know their friends'state and mood by looking at their posts on line
Moreover, people can be aware of what is going on in a social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites.
These social media make people's  lives much more colorful and  provide a lot of fun.
However, social media may do some harm to people's lives
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face  , such that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected.
Some people spend a lot of time in it and forget their real life
Actually, I have seen some people whoare very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online.
However, they behave quite boringly when I talk to them in real life.
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves
People can promote their friendship and relationship through social media.
Whereas, it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in real life and affect negatively  their interpersonal skills.
But overall, the advantages far outweigh its disadvantage
So we need to make best use of social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring.
And try to bypass the shortcomings
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently
People can know their friends recent looks and interesting things  happen on  those people just by checking their  Facebook or other social media sites.
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even  if you are in a different country.
However, social media sites truly reduce  communication  face-to-face  , which truly affects interpersonal skills.
There are two advantages and two disadvantages to using  social media in people's daily life.
By typing the words and showing the pictures, people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express
For example, on mother's day, people are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother's facebook page
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel warm
On the other hand, when the teenager is studying in a foreign country, the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends
People can also findout alotof information about  celebrity  on Twitter and Facebook such as Obama, Bill Gates and get  first-hand study materials on it.
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous people's thoughts by using  social media.
On the other hand, with the help of social media, some homeless people or someone who needs money to cure the disease can get  help from the world quickly  , because once one person  knows the information, his or her will share it  with their " friends area ", then many people will know it and spread the information to
On the other hand, there are also problems with the use of  social media.
Firstly, when people rely on social media to communicate with their friends and parents, they will  accustomthemselves to  communicating by typing and not talking.
People even prefer to talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication.
Therefore, social media truly  limits interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect  relationships between  them and their friends.
Secondly, without truly communication in  real life, people lose the ability to see the truth and false.
There are many people on social media with beautiful  images and good content  on their pages  .However in real life, he or she may  not have jobs or live poorly.
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money  , even their  money
Therefore, social media is not safe  , which is bad  for a teenager's future development.
However, there are some disadvantages which will affect people in some degree.
The Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our  Daily life and Society.
Nowadays, with the development of technology and society, social media hasbecome more popular and even important in our daily life.
There is no need for people to go out of their home to interact with others  .They chat online, share pictures, tell others what they have done or funny stories.
It seems that people build a good relationship with others by social media, but the problems come out.
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to face, especially strangers.
Then, we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society
As for the advantages, there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others, easier to know about others
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media
In old days, if one wants to tell some important news to another one, which lives far away, he needs to write letters and it wastes time
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very difficult at that time
Therefore, people should not contact  their faraway friends and relatives unless there  is something important.
However, people now can contact anyone all over the world who can use  a computer at any time, and there is no time delay  for messages.
The other advantage is that it is easier to know about others by social media
If there is no social media, it is difficult for people to know about a stranger
They may collect information about that person by asking his friends, colleagues or family members
Unlike today, with help with social media, people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line, and know about what that person did  everyday at what time.
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life, wasting time, causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer, quick-spread of rumor and fake news, most importantly, making people lose the ability to talk to others face to face confidently.
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face their phones and do not talk with each other.
No matter whether it is a party, dinner or just  a simply get-together, there  arealways some people  bowing their head and playing their phones  , even  when their family and friends are in front of them.
In conclusion, there are both advantages and disadvantages  to using social media in daily life.
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family
Today the world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter  , which are attractively connecting people around the world.
However, some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in society are elaborated on as follows.
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable medium of  communication
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages
Nowadays, thanks to the help of social media, with just one click, you can contact your family and friends wherever you want
You can share photos, videos and every meaningful experience of your life
Secondly, social media opens the door  to opportunities for people due to its great benefit  of connecting.
Young people can widen their relationships, meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world
In the business area, social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services.
On the other hand, social media also has disadvantages which have created worries for society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon.
More and more young people tend to live in the social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact, which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life.
First and foremost, we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real.
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want
Though social media do create relationships, relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction
There is a story of a girl who lives in the social media world every night in eight years.
She talked with them every night, trust them and share her life with them
Then , eventually, she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time.
Last but not least, social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose themselves to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people.
As a result, if the situation goeson in this unexpected trend, it will cause a bad effect on the young generation.
To put it in the nutshell, everything has its own pros and cons
So does the social media network.
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing business  , but it also can damage people  's relationships and interpersonal skills.
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people's potentials to the fullest
